LC3 support, update depencencies (#57)
livechat/react-native-livechat: README.md

### Prerequisites

To use LiveChat in your React application, you will need the LiveChat license ID. 

> To obtain authorization data (redirect_uri and client_id), you need to create a new LiveChat app. See our [Creating LiveChat apps](https://developers.livechatinc.com/docs/getting-started/guides/#creating-livechat-apps) documentation. 

Reviewer: can we be more verbose about what is `client_id` and `redirect_uri`? I believe this is not mentioned in the linked article (also not available in the video linked there).

To import LiveChat for React Native, run the following command:

```javascript

> npm install react-native-webview react-native-livechat --save

Reviewer: can we clarify that `react-native-webview` is also required?

```

### Supported LiveChat features

- chatting
- sneak-peek
- rich messages: single cards with images, title, subtitle and quick replies
- agent's attachments
- system messages

### Unsupported LiveChat features

- pre-chat and post-chat forms
- rating
- transcript
- ticket forms
- queues
- translations
- card masking
- chat boosters

> If you want to use unsupported features in your React Native app, read about the Alternative React Native installation method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you would like to use unsupported features in your React Native app, read about the Alternative React Native installation method.
```

### Alternative React Native installation method

This project implements basic LiveChat features using React Native technology. If you need to use more advanced LiveChat features, you can use Webview to embed web LiveChat widget using a direct chat link.

To do it, use `react-native-webview` library and add `Webview` component with your licenses direct chat link, replacing `LICENSE_ID` string with you LiveChat's license id. 

```javascript

> <WebView source={{uri: 'https://secure.livechatinc.com/licence/LICENSE_ID/v2/open_chat.cgi'}} />

Reviewer 2: It is common practise to wrap placeholders with `<>` to indicate that it is acctually only a placeholder not real part of the URL
```suggestion
<WebView source={{uri: 'https://secure.livechatinc.com/licence/<LICENSE_ID>/v2/open_chat.cgi'}} />
```

...

> <LiveChat license="<LICENSE_ID>" redirectUri="https://example.org" clientId="dal-app-client-id" />

Reviewer: can we get rid of `dal-`? I believe it might be confusing
